And here folks, beauty fax here half an hour.
I'm making another video here for
You and this time I 'm not doing it here.
a part of these guys so cool to
you
Good guys, it looks like I'm sorry.
medium of the video because people
I slept at home, I did not want to take care
these people but they hit me but
I hope you like the video
because a lot of people were in small
kyle ward this was a very match
by which such a miracle at the time
Server that flooded but I hope
you like I wanted to ask you
help without reaching a layman in this
video would be very happy but we
did not get
It was worth the try, it's the same then.
Look at the match.
rui jorge
the Brazilian here I entered the game and
one that picks up a chest
in fact I'll break what is more
I quickly get the items I hope
Come to me, it's good to please.
Come to me, it did not come very lightly.
enough until finally, it's got more goals
to that side
then as I said to you one
video I think the last video has 20
hours I do not play much even though
I'm back to play, right?
I 'm coming back to the game well from time to time.
when then why else i stay
more on youtube for the inter in the video is
flower that threw its butt then I
I did not know ivory I confess to you
that knows no map more than 80 and
tapioca rain in giovanni and giovanna
hamburg giovanna
I think it has given of fallen that if
this map
but I'll try to make a little bar over there
in those george love and maybe you can
in the middle first of all that I do not
I know I'm snowing that this is already
very
megan fox is fucking on the cross and plays a lot
fps then beauty one here
It's a medium that I think it's going to
easily get in the way your first
at least get in the middle because half
year of existence but it is another mega
Fuckin ' hardcore, I do not know why.
Brazil have here is a crazy there he
died already right
you can see he carries with you
see if it gets a little damage only
eat apple
never giving me I think the tendency of
Fall in sentences is eating apple
touch life
Lets have it here, it has almost nothing.
good
more beauty when I got here
helmet this here would be okay
I came here and also all the very light
old said why and taiwan does not prove that
earned it
Yes, the tank already has an ax. It 's a remedy.
better put the ax of
Axe
I got a key and now came ax
left here but I already warned my hand and
I'll put this is the chicken that
recover faster beauty then
inject a much more advanced question of
armor and I think a blow both
cinema but the training but finally has a
good attack and have a car having even
scoreboard
a guy that if you do not have one thing
To attack him, I'm going to knock this guy down.
It's going to knock this guy down, he falls.
falls
I've never never seen beauty is here it is
very dumb to put the ball to that side
here ok then I went back on his bridge and
what he thinks he 's going to kill
shooting
Here is zica from the country, let me not here.
here and here
the victim's lawyer found in 2010 as
It's like the stripper gets good.
I think I came in five then it was that
It was the vice-basket I liked I'm in
my neighborhood that has had less in the market
I know that three days in a minority
I want to wake up - stresses that the first
training little baby he nor mateus anymore
anyway it was this video I hope
You liked it and if you liked it
when you get the favorites to help in the
Minutes of the disclosure beat the saints that will
in your book if you but in this I
I would be very happy
so that's right a bottle saw spoke
vuitton